README.md, before:

# SSL-enabled Postgres DB image

This repository contains the logic to build SSL-enabled Postgres images.

By default, when you deploy Postgres from the official Postgres template on Railway, the image that is used is built from this repository!

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/template/postgres)

### Why though?

The official Postgres image in Docker hub does not come with SSL baked in.

Since this could pose a problem for applications or services attempting to connect to Postgres services, we decided to roll our own Postgres image with SSL enabled right out of the box.

### How does it work?

The Dockerfiles contained in this repository start with the official Postgres image as base.  Then the `init-ssl.sh` script is copied into the `docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/` directory to be executed upon initialization.

### Certificate expiry
By default, the cert expiry is set to 820 days. You can control this by configuring the `SSL_CERT_DAYS` environment variable as needed.

### Certificate renewal
When a redeploy or restart is done the certificates expiry is checked, if it has expired or will expire in 30 days a new certificate is automatically generated.

### A note about ports

By default, this image is hardcoded to listen on port `5432` regardless of what is set in the `PGPORT` environment variable.  We did this to allow connections to the postgres service over the `RAILWAY_TCP_PROXY_PORT`.  If you need to change this behavior, feel free to build your own image without passing the `--port` parameter to the `CMD` command in the Dockerfile.

Commit message:

change base image to timescale

README.md, after:

# SSL-enabled Timescale DB image

This repository contains the logic to build SSL-enabled Timescale images.

### Why though?

The official Timescale image in Docker hub does not come with SSL baked in.

Since this could pose a problem for applications or services attempting to connect to Timescale services, we decided to roll our own Timescale image with SSL enabled right out of the box.

### How does it work?

The Dockerfiles contained in this repository start with the official Timescale image as base.  Then the `init-ssl.sh` script is copied into the `docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/` directory to be executed upon initialization.

### Certificate expiry

By default, the cert expiry is set to 820 days. You can control this by configuring the `SSL_CERT_DAYS` environment variable as needed.

### Certificate renewal

When a redeploy or restart is done the certificates expiry is checked, if it has expired or will expire in 30 days a new certificate is automatically generated.

### A note about ports

By default, this image is hardcoded to listen on port `5432` regardless of what is set in the `PGPORT` environment variable.  We did this to allow connections to the postgres service over the `RAILWAY_TCP_PROXY_PORT`.  If you need to change this behavior, feel free to build your own image without passing the `--port` parameter to the `CMD` command in the Dockerfile.
